With regards to your questions:
1. Satellite Scan pricing - that's something I'd like your recommendation for. I've tried different prices in the past, but I'd want to go from scratch and see that this is an automated product, click and buy one time.
2. When you actually scan, you have multiple times that you can recycle that data because then they automatically get access to a Notion database updated weekly with prompts that they can recycle that existing data output that comes to their email.
3. So in a nutshell, they might invest 60-90 minutes of time to do a detailed snapshot of their communication. It's like a setting of the GPS if you like, but then they can use it to generate theoretically to infinity amount of interesting value from that data by using the prompts from our library. It's a new logic that doesn't yet exist much on the market. It's hard to communicate, so help me make it really tangible with ADHD-proof language.
4. What is also included, obviously, is as soon as they've actually done the scan (which is quite a marathon of 90 minutes), we need to do some microcopy to manage their expectations on that. Then they get a complete YouTube playlist of videos done by me with the dashboards that they're going to receive. Each video goes through one lens with the dashboard as a tutorial. It's not in public domain; it's exclusively for them, and they get it in their email as a chain of emails.
5. What we need to do is to set up that there would be at least one or two nudges after they receive the dashboard because they receive the dashboard from me manually doing it in Google Docs, Google Sheets, and Google Slides. It's a different system than Replit's resend email, so we might just want to have a system where as a manual interface I can have a click and send button to said user in the admin interface to nudge them or just remind them that there is a YouTube set of resources and a Notion database that is updated weekly. It could be just like more of a newsletter thing that we do. You prompt me to do with an email reminder 3 days before, so you'd go like "Okay, it's Thursday, can you think of the things that you need to update? I'll just look around, bring it up, and then we can write an email together and manually send it." Suggest a workflow that's as cheap as possible for this.